vgmstream_cli: add page (#7956)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/vgmstream_cli.md

> # vgmstream CLI decoder

Reviewer: This title sholud exactly match the command name
```suggestion
# vgmstream_cli
```

> > Software for playing a wide variety of audio formats used in video games.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Play a wide variety of audio formats used in video games.
```

> > Play a wide variety of audio formats used in video games.
> > Converts playable files to wav.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Play a wide variety of audio formats used in video games and convert them into `wav`.
```

> More information: <https://vgmstream.org/doc/USAGE>.

> - Decode a adc file to wav. (Default output name is `input.wav`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Decode an `adc` file to `wav`. (Default output name is `input.wav`):
```

> `vgmstream_cli {{input.adc}} -o {{output.wav}}`

Reviewer 2: Please use `path/to/file` syntax.
```suggestion
`vgmstream_cli {{path/to/input.adc}} -o {{path/to/output.wav}}`
```

- Print metadata without decoding the audio:

> `vgmstream_cli {{input.adc}} -m`

Reviewer 2: Please use `path/to/file` syntax for all `input.adc` and `output.wav`.
```suggestion
`vgmstream_cli {{path/to/input.adc}} -m`
```

> - Decode audio without loops:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Decode an audio file without loops:
```

`vgmstream_cli {{path/to/input.adc}} -o {{path/to/output.wav}} -i`

- Decode with three loops, then add a 3s delay followed by a 5s fadeout:

> `vgmstream_cli {{path/to/input.adc}} -o {{path/to/output.wav}} -l 3.0 -f 5.0 -d 3.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`vgmstream_cli {{path/to/input.adc}} -o {{path/to/output.wav}} -l {{3.0}} -f {{5.0}} -d {{3.0}}`
```

> - Convert multiple files to `bgm_(name).wav` (Default is `?f.wav`):

Reviewer 3: I don´t understand what does this default filename.

Author: The default filename is in case the `-o` is omited.
I included the `?f` in the example `-o` value below, to illustrate how it works as a wildcard. 

```suggestion
- Convert multiple files to `bgm_(original name).wav` (Default `-o` pattern is `?f.wav`):
```

Reviewer: I think the default output file is already clear from the previous examples.
```suggestion
- Convert multiple files to `bgm_(filename).wav` (`?f` gets replaced by the input file name):
```
